Add error code for misconfigured webhooks (#5855)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_status.md

- `ERR_CLEANUP_CLUSTER_RESOURCES` - indicates that the last error occurred due to resources in the cluster that are stuck in deletion.
- `ERR_CONFIGURATION_PROBLEM` - indicates that the last error occurred due to a configuration problem. It is classified as a non-retryable error code.
- `ERR_RETRYABLE_CONFIGURATION_PROBLEM` - indicates that the last error occurred due to a retryable configuration problem. "Retryable" means that the occurred error is likely to be resolved in a ungraceful manner after given period of time.

> - `ERR_USER_WEBHOOK` - indicates that the last error occured due to misconfigurred webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ERR_USER_WEBHOOK` - indicates that the last error occurred due to misconfigured webhook.
```

> - `ERR_USER_WEBHOOK` - indicates that the last error occurred due to misconfigured webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `ERR_PROBLEMATIC_WEBHOOK` - indicates that the last error occurred due to a webhook not following the Kubernetes best practices (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#best-practices-and-warnings).
```
